{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16600\viewh11600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lindsay\'92s IP Address: 10.17.157.116\
Corinne\'92s IP Address: 10.17.157.116\
\

\f1\b What data is being sent to the computer? \
\

\f0\b0 You see the server and destination going back and forth between the two computers as they request and reply to one another. The ping was 56 data bytes. \
\

\f1\b What is the source address and the data address in \'93Internet Protocol Version 4\'94 section? 
\f0\b0 \
\
The SRC is your own personal address, and the destination is that of your partner\'92s. \
\

\f1\b How do the integer values compare with the ASCII that displayed in the terminal? \
\

\f0\b0 This does match what have seen before! They are in hex values vs ASCII values. \
\

\f1\b How long does it take a ping packet to travel to your classmate\'92s machine and back? \

\f0\b0 \
The time is recorded in ms, so it happens very quickly. It happens in a rang from ~7ms to ~318ms. \
\

\f1\b How long does it take a ping to travel to google.com and www.louvre.fr?\
\

\f0\b0 It travels to google and back in a very quick time, between 6 and 15 ms. It took between 140 and 155 ms to get to louvre.fr., which means \
that the application take a longer time to respond to the request. \
\

\f1\b Example.com?
\f0\b0 \
\
When you open example.com, it is less data than I thought it would be. You get the data from the site.\
\
Curl is a command that transfers data from and to a server. When I ran the curl example.com command, it runs information in Wireshark as well. The curl command returns the html file. The two are similar. \
\

\f1\b Github.com?\
\

\f0\b0 The URL that shows up is not what you typed in. You can only read the first couple of messages. Safari and Firefox must have their own browser settings. }